You filled the void in me
You can fill the void in me
Just you being by my side
Helps me a lot
I used to just say thanks but now I’m reaching out to you
With you holding my hand I can shout a bigger dream
If I could do anything for you I’d do it no matter what
If you could shine brighter, I’d be the dark
I’ll be by your side
Will you be where I am
It’s too cold outside, to be alone by myself
It’s warm here, maybe because you’re here
I am YOU, I see me in you
I feel it when I’m with you
In the same space, in the same time
I can do anything
I found YOU, I found me in you
I see myself in there
In the same space, in the same time
Let me run, let me run, let me run along with YOU
You reflected myself I didn’t know
I was wandering alone because I didn’t know myself
But at some point I can see it through the window
As you’re spending the same time and the same days with me
My question and your answer fit like puzzle pieces
We’re finding the overlapping parts of our problems
Our chemistry is fantastic, Every moment it’s perfect with you
I see myself through you and you see yourself through me, it’s amazing
I’ll be by your side
Will you be where I am
It’s too cold outside, to be alone by myself
It’s warm here, maybe because you’re here
I am YOU, I see me in you
I feel it when I’m with you
In the same space, in the same time
I can do anything
I found YOU, I found me in you
I see myself in there
In the same space, in the same time
Let me run, let me run, let me run along with YOU
Yeah please be by my side
Yeah I need you right by my side now
Will you be on my side, let’s run at the same pace
We're going side by side I want to
Go with you, promise me
I see myself in you
Stay together
You and I, You and I, You and I, I’m by your side
always I’m going where you’re heading
You and I, you and I, you and I
No one can compare to you
Stay together
You and I, You and I, You and I, I’m by your side
always I’m going where you’re heading
You and I, you and I, you and I
No one can replace you
I am YOU